Restructure docs and add deletion info (#87)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanation/deletion.adoc

= Object Deletion

Object deletion is considered a dangerous activity which could lead into dataloss, therefore Lieutenant Operator implements a safeguard and a configuration per object what to do with external resources.

== Deletion Protection

The annotation `syn.tools/protected-delete` controls if an object can be deleted or not. As long as this annotation holds the value `true`, the finalizer will block the object from being deleted.

> Objects generated by the Operator (mainly the `GitRepo` object) are annotated as configured in the environment variable `LIEUTENANT_DELETE_PROTECTION` (see xref:references/configuration.adoc[References/Configuration]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator automatically annotates objects as configured in the environment variable `LIEUTENANT_DELETE_PROTECTION` (see xref:references/configuration.adoc[References/Configuration]).
```

Not just objects it generates, also objects that were created by another tool.

== Deletion Policy

The deletion policy defines how external resources (for example Git repositories, Vault secrets) are handled when an object gets deleted.

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===

|Policy
|Git repo
|Vault secret

|_Archive_
|Archival of Git repository

> |Secret soft deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Secret https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2#deleting-and-destroying-data[soft deletion]
```

|_Delete_
|Deletion of Git repository

> |Secret hard deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Secret https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2#deleting-and-destroying-data[hard deletion]
```
